file name                               | wallpaper name                        | author & date             | tag
series-i-no-3.jpg                       | Series I, No. 3                       | Georgia O'Keeffe, 1918    | kinglloy.com
blue-02.jpg                             | Blue-02                               | Georgia O'Keeffe, 1916    | kinglloy.com
bleeding-heart.jpg                      | Bleeding Heart                        | Georgia O'Keeffe, 1932    | kinglloy.com
separation-in-the-evening-1922.jpg      | Separation in the Evening             | Paul Klee, 1922           | kinglloy.com
a-storm-prospero.jpg                    | A Storm                               | Thomas Jones, 1778        | kinglloy.com

the-bard-1774.jpg                       | The Bard                              | Thomas Jones, 1774        | kinglloy.com
new-harmony-1936.jpg                    | New Harmony                           | Paul Klee, 1936               | kinglloy.com
o2-43-44-ou-o-violino-1944.jpg          | O2-43-44 (Ou O Violino)               | Fernando Lanhas, 1944         | kinglloy.com
the-berlin-potsdam-railway-1847.jpg     | The Berlin-Potsdam Railway            | Adolph Menzel, 1847           | kinglloy.com
mares-and-foals.jpg                     | Mares And Foals In A River Landscape  | George Stubbs, 1763 - 1768    | kinglloy.com

bamburgh-castle-northumberland.jpg      | Bamburgh Castle, Northumberland       | Thomas Girtin, 1799           | kinglloy.com
a-passing-glance-1900.jpg               | A Passing Glance                      | Thomas Pollock Anshutz, 1900  | kinglloy.com
indonesian-landscape.jpg                | Indonesian Landscape                  | Abdullah Suriosubroto         | kinglloy.com
magnolia-and-erect-rock.jpg             | 玉堂柱石圖                              | 陈洪绶                        | kinglloy.com
golden-evening-southwest-texas.jpg      | Golden Evening, Southwest Texas       | Robert Julian Onderdonk       | kinglloy.com

the-bard-1774.jpg                       | The Bard                              | Thomas Jones, 1774            | kinglloy.com
new-harmony-1936.jpg                    | New Harmony                           | Paul Klee, 1936               | kinglloy.com
o2-43-44-ou-o-violino-1944.jpg          | O2-43-44 (Ou O Violino)               | Fernando Lanhas, 1944         | kinglloy.com
the-berlin-potsdam-railway-1847.jpg     | The Berlin-Potsdam Railway            | Adolph Menzel, 1847           | kinglloy.com
mares-and-foals.jpg                     | Mares And Foals In A River Landscape  | George Stubbs, 1763 - 1768    | kinglloy.com

coconut-beach.jpg                       | Coconut Beach                         | John Miller         | kinglloy.com
hudson-river-1918.jpg                   | Hudson River                          | Leon Dabo, 1918     | kinglloy.com
resting-tiger.jpg                       | Resting Tiger                         | LeRoy Neiman        | kinglloy.com
biarritz-beach.jpg                      | Biarritz Beach                        | Kimon Loghi         | kinglloy.com
the-yellow-river-breaches-its-course.jpg| 黄河逆流                               | 馬遠                | kinglloy.com
dancing-and-singing.jpg                 | 踏歌圖                                 | 馬遠                | kinglloy.com

landscape-with-the-flight-1524.jpg      | Landscape With The Flight             | Joachim Patinir, 1515 - 1524  | kinglloy.com
lotus-1977.jpg                          | 莲花                                  | 林凤鸣, 1977                  | kinglloy.com
the-bohemian-1890.jpg                   | The Bohemian                          | William-Adolphe Bouguereau, 1890 | kinglloy.com

at-the-edge-of-the-brook-1875.jpg       | At The Edge Of The Brook              | William-Adolphe Bouguereau, 1875  | kinglloy.com
still-life-with-lobster-and-radishes.jpg| Still-Life With Lobster And Radishes  | Cagnaccio di San Pietro, 1938  | kinglloy.com
frontispiece-the-tailor-mouse.jpg       | Frontispiece. The Tailor Mouse        | Beatrix Potter, 1902          | kinglloy.com

whistlejacket.jpg                       | Whistlejacket                         | George Stubbs, 1762           | kinglloy.com
male-and-female-trees.jpg               | Male And Female Trees                 | Marianne North, 1883          | kinglloy.com
a-greenland-or-gyr-falcon.jpg           | A Greenland, Or Gyr Falcon            | Archibald Thorburn            | kinglloy.com
le-metro-aerien.jpg                     | Le Metro Aerien                       | Jules Lefranc                 | kinglloy.com
years_of_history.jpg                    | 歲華紀勝圖                            | 吳彬, 明                  | kinglloy.com
blue-morning-glories.jpg                | Blue Morning Glories                  | Georgia O'Keeffe, 1935    | kinglloy.com

birds-admist-willow.jpg                 | Birds Admist Willow                   | 林风眠                      | kinglloy.com
pistachio-trees.jpg                     | Pistachio Trees                       | Hoca Ali Riza               | kinglloy.com
north-shore-lake-superior-1926.jpg      | North Shore, Lake Superior            | Lawren Harris, 1926         | kinglloy.com
natural-bridge-1860.jpg                 | Natural Bridge                        | David Johnson, 1860         | kinglloy.com
the-apothesis-of-penelope-boothby.jpg   | The Apothesis Of Penelope Boothby     | Henry Fuseli, 1794          | kinglloy.com
kinomastushima-1940.jpg                 | 紀の松島                              | 浅野竹二, 1940                | kinglloy.com

fireworks-floral-with-bomb.jpg          | Fireworks Floral With Bomb And Matches| Glennray Tutor, 1993     | kinglloy.com
hunkertime-1980.jpg                     | Hunkertime                            | Harmony Hammond, 1980     | kinglloy.com
young-gypsy-1990.jpg                    | Young Gypsy                            | Alexander Shilov, 1990     | kinglloy.com
spiral-theme-1941.jpg                   | Spiral Theme                          | Naum Gabo, 1941                | kinglloy.com
kitten-with-butterfly-1944.jpg          | 小猫与蝴蝶                             | 徐悲鸿, 1944                | kinglloy.com
concerto-di-primavera-2000.jpg          | Concerto Di Primavera                 | Lino Tagliapietra, 2000     | kinglloy.com

bird-in-space-1923.jpg                  | Bird In Space                        | Constantin Brancusi, 1923 | kinglloy.com
the-beached-margin-1937.jpg             | The Beached Margin                   | Edward Wadsworth, 1937 | kinglloy.com
eschantos-21.jpg                        | Eschantos 21                         | Clarence Holbrook Carter | kinglloy.com
qianxuan-5.jpg                              | 桃枝松鼠图                               | 钱选                          | kinglloy.com
steam-train-rounding-a-bend.jpg             | Steam Train Rounding A Bend            | Eric Ravilious                | kinglloy.com
blue-pine-1980.jpg                          | Blue Pine                              | Eyvind Earle, 1980            | kinglloy.com

giant-magnolias-on-a-blue-velvet-cloth.jpg  | Giant Magnolias On A Blue Velvet Cloth | Martin Johnson Heade, 1890    | kinglloy.com
midday-barren.jpg                           | Midday Barren                          | Neil Welliver, 1983           | kinglloy.com
untitled-1996.jpg                           | 无题                                    | Hassan Massoudy, 1996         | kinglloy.com

the-grand-lady-1920.jpg                     | The Grand Lady                         | John Collier, 1920            | kinglloy.com
pavo-1968.jpg                               | Pavo                                   | Dan Christensen, 1968         | kinglloy.com
mask-for-the-ballet-studio.jpg              | Mask                                   | Vadym Meller, 1919            | kinglloy.com

spring-moon-1942.jpg                        | Spring Moon                            | Agnes Lawrence Pelton, 1942   | kinglloy.com
birds-of-paradise-1940.jpg                  | 天堂鸟                                  | 齐白石, 1940                   | kinglloy.com
protein-and-cherries-1944.jpg               | 樱桃松鼠画                               | 齐白石, 1944                   | kinglloy.com

sunrise-of-wonder-v.jpg                     | Sunrise Of Wonder V                    | John Miller                   | kinglloy.com
untitled-agnes-1931.jpg                     | 无题                                    | Agnes Lawrence Pelton, 1931   | kinglloy.com
even-song-1930.jpg                          | Even Song                              | Agnes Lawrence Pelton, 1930   | kinglloy.com
